hello and welcome wrecks
Today we want to look like yourself
the htc desire 610 in the playing tempo
Rahn 2 the trigger 2 and modern combat 4
We had a few days ago
only the desire 816 becomes so
Now a pretty nice comparison
beforehand how to do the usual I have that
Of course, a new smartphone
will not start up any running
apps as soon as I finish a game
I 'll be that again too
close before I start a new one
Of course, all players are not
preinstalled
but you can fight each other and temple two
The trigger is two free in place to
work east compulsory play store
download
Now we started to enjoy it
Let's go Let's start
Temple ran two I have it at the same time
htc desire 816 already said is not
the most elaborate game but we have
here also no high end smartphone
but with the desire 610 he ein
middle class smartphone insofar will be
that's also very interesting what we but
again have the possibility here that is
That's why I'm setting the sound now
speakers rather times in the middle
you saw it at desire 816 that
whole was then partly so loud that
I do not understand myself anymore
I have something negative of course I am
hope that comes here in the video
reasonably well over but we want
now look how the desire 8
610 Sorry, I'm coming
even with the names messed up like
That's the way it strikes the desire s 816
we had no problems with the
pace two should also be here
because we have the same
processor the qs d400 quad core with 1 2
ghz kernel then there are 1 5 gb
RAM Yes we do here
the whole time if we go
all not seen but as I said
The hardware should definitely be there
So there you should not be
have to worry and I think you
looks quite good the whole thing
runs pretty smoothly we have too
no hd resolution in the display like the
desire 8 108 116 but we have here
the desire 610 a cow hd resolution
so
960 x 540 pixel there has the gpu then
Of course, not so much to do
so far that could be done
you expect you too see the
viewing angle stability of the display
yes she is not bad but she is
not as good as for example at 8 am
I think this 816 is something altogether
too bad the contrast values ​​are not synonymous
so good
the colors do not look that intense, though
the performance is definitely
neat and ever to stamp 2
and on it goes with dead trigger 2
should be very interesting now
that will be more elaborate
we also have 0 4 ghz clocking here or
in the 0.4 gg it is different
Clocking a lower clocking than the
htc desire 816 to give him also 0 5 gb
less but I have it with me
Temperatures are what we have here
even a lower resolution so only
QHD are changed I must dare
now and again to say that that is
whole will not take much somewhere
which one noticed however already immediately
is the comparatively lower
pixeldichte and simply the
Viewing angle stability here, too, I have
set the graphic details they were
not ex works, they were on
low as I said at Qualcomm
snapdragon becomes 801 or 800
meanwhile already recognized automatically
here at a course d400 appears the
not yet the case
now even relatively independent of
the timing as we said we had
different timings at the
two smartphones
otherwise here the display does not
Bad figure say so this time
have also seen a few here
small micro darker but the
Contrast the brightness the
viewing angle stability that's easy
not quite as good as the htc
desire 816 but like the performance
me relatively well
and yes of course one also notices that
lower pixeldichte but yes that works
Alright I think you see
also the display mirror much more
when her time
directly to the gaming video with this one
816 comparison but that's already in
order
By the way, a few words to desire 610
at the moment it should not be
be sure to come to the free traders
they probably will eventually
in the offer have but once too
the big network operators and then too
first only in the color blue
but let's wait and see
maybe there will come the
another so much to bettringer two me
Apart from that, the performance is
quite neat and last but not least
look at us now even more modern
combat four more closely here as well
unfortunately the on screen keys disappear
not with the trigger 2 already lies
probably due to lack of customization and
What I have just forgot to say yes
the checker two the usa and
Speakers also sound here
this yes I'll tell beginners until
middle class smartphone again
well tell me mid-range smartphone
I have to get her back here now
put highway volume because I am
otherwise not understand yourself
So in this age class, I say now
this is quite unique
I find pretty cool from HTC that they
also on the desire 610 on the colorful
have set speakers that is not
of course and is natural
somewhere quite a
quite a unique feature in the
Compared with other smartphones these
hardware class I say now to
for example, a moto g that he does
cheaper is noticeably cheaper and
just a better display has that
one must mention whatsoever
now let's look at modern combat four
hand that is already a right
elaborate play one notes here
also that the htc desire 610 something
warmer but not uncomfortable
Let's take a look at this at the beginning
Now, there are times like there
times framerate break-in looks here though
I still have to do everything well
honestly we want something around
and that too seems to work pretty well
Let's go forward and duck here
us time otherwise end still a good I
I'll go for a grenade now
ahead
that's already part of it
the explosion was relatively fluid
I have to say I like the graphics
Of course I can only do it again
Repeat one already realizes that the
color representation of the display not so
it's nice as the htc desire 816 it is
the viewing angle stability is not
so great but otherwise I think
we saw very well
the modern combat four, however, too
runs relatively smoothly and there
that's what it's all about in the end
in conclusion, all in all
The desire 610 is also really suitable
good for mobile gaming performance
is neat the graphics but synonymous
not as good as he is at the desire 816 or
have liked even the htc one m8
Here again we have the stereo front
loudspeaker as something disturbs is the
comparatively low pixeldichte the
nights so not particularly great
viewing angle stability please excuse
and also the color representation already
Somewhere a little to be desired
leaves
yes people that's it again from
this short gaming it with the htc
desire 610 I hope you have it
I like to thank you for watching
us in this sense until next time